Our views on Cosmology may be vastly different if we lived in the future universe described in End of Cosmology. In that universe the only way we would, or could ever, have knowledge about any cosmic structures not contained in our own cluster would be with well-kept records. As the article pointed out, those records may not even be believed by our descendents. 
The homogeneity we observe in the universe helps us dispel scientifically damaging principles such as the Anthropic Principle. We believe that we are not special because our current view of the universe encourages us to believe so. But if we could not ever have the possibility of seeing past our own small section of the universe, we might not have any reason not to believe we are extremely special. 
Furthermore, we may even not have a way to tell that we are living in an expanding universe. One of the greatest clues we have to tell that the universe is accelerating is by observing the distant galaxies. If there is nothing else to observe, we might conclude that we are living in a flat universe. All of this is due to the event horizon presented in the article. As mentioned, a infinite homogeneous universe cannot be static. However, homogeneity must be observable for us to draw this conclusion.
Thus, in the future universe we might not have the Cosmological Principle. It would simply not exist on the grounds that it would have no supporting evidence. All evidence would have passed beyond the event horizon, leaving us with only the Anthropic Principle.
We might not even have any idea of the big bang. The fact that our universe is expanding has allowed us to infer many things about the birth of the universe. As even the cosmic microwave background radiation will have grown undetectibly faint over time, it seems as though the future will hold none of the clues for the big bang which pervade the observable universe of today.
For this reason, I think its always important to remember that scientific theories are never true fact. Knowledge has changed countless times throughout history, and there really is no way to know things without any evidence. There may be many clues about the universe's origins which have already been lost to us in time, and we may never even know of thier existance. At that point, does it make a difference to us whether or not they exist or existed at all?

3. If antimatter behaves almost the same as matter, if we were made of antimatter, would we know it? Would the matter we observe from our antimatter pespectives appear the same as the antimatter we observe from our current perspective?
